README.md, before:

# COP4331

# Product Vision

The Simple List Scanner system is for the household consumers and shoppers who want an easy way to create their shopping list for the store and keep track of what they already have. The SLS system solves the problems of forgetting to add items to your list, buying products you already had, and the pain of making a shopping list, while allowing for easy virtual access.

The system uses an IoT device consisting of a barcode scanner and raspberry pi to allow the user to scan items being thrown away. These items are automatically added to an online shopping list and inventory system that gives users the freedom to manually edit their list if desired or take a hands-off approach to shopping list management. The all-in-one aspect of this system makes it perfect for those who want extra shopping convenience in their life.

Unlike shopping list manager OutofMilk, our system’s IoT device provides the user with a more hands-off approach to creating and maintaining a shopping list with automatic updates when products are scanned. In contrast, Genican does utilize an IoT device, but our product is available online via computer or mobile devices while Genican uses a mobile app only, and our system is a budget-friendly option compared to the more expensive entry price of Genican.

## Team Members

- Chase Walker - [chasewalker26](https://github.com/chasewalker26)
- Anjali Ramsahai - [anjalir09](https://github.com/anjalir09)
- Christopher Gray - [AKpowder](https://github.com/AKpowder)
- Omer Gul - [omermelihgul](https://github.com/omermelihgul)
- Alisher Sultangazin - [sultalish](https://github.com/sultalish)


# Sprint 1

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=0)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)


## Task Allocation

All team members worked together in this sprint to create the user stories in the product backlog, and the requirements for the first 5 stories. All team members were also involved in the setup process for their development environments, and creating accounts to use the database.

# Sprint 2

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=185093314)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/blob/main/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/Website)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdqj_ON-W2c&feature=youtu.be)

## Task Allocation

- Chase Walker - User Interface diagrams, class diagram
- Anjali Ramsahai - Remaining system architecture document sections
- Christopher Gray - class diagram
- Omer Gul - Entity Relationship Diagram, system architecture document
- Alisher Sultangazin - C4 models (context, container, and component)

# Sprint 3
- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=1764933158)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/blob/main/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/)
- [Test Code (Site)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/Website/public/js)
- [Test Code (Scanner)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/RaspberryPi)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4xXM-D_5pY)
 


## Task Allocation
- Chase Walker - I completed the user story "As a shopper, I want the shopping list to contain all items that I have scanned that I have not removed from the list, so that I do not buy what I already have" U003

- Anjali Ramsahai - I completed the user story "As a user, I want the ability to view my inventory online, so that I can have access wherever I go" U017

- Christopher Gray - I completed the user story "As a user, I want the ability to view my shopping list online, so that I can have access wherever I go" U001.

- Omer Gul - I completed the user story "As a busy person, I want to be able to scan the items I throw away, so they can be added to my list" U002.

- Alisher Sultangazin - I completed the user story "As a user, I want my list and inventory to be private so that nobody else can view it" U004.

- Everyone worked on cleaning up sprint 2's errors.


# Sprint 4

- Omer Gul - I completed the user story "As a busy person, I want to see what I scanned on the website within a minute of scanning it, so that it can be there in a reasonable amount of time" U018.

- Everyone worked on cleaning up sprint 2's errors.


## Task Allocation



# Sprint 5



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 6



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 7



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 8



## Task Allocation

Commit message:

Adds my task for the week and copies over sprint links

README.md, after:

# COP4331

# Product Vision

The Simple List Scanner system is for the household consumers and shoppers who want an easy way to create their shopping list for the store and keep track of what they already have. The SLS system solves the problems of forgetting to add items to your list, buying products you already had, and the pain of making a shopping list, while allowing for easy virtual access.

The system uses an IoT device consisting of a barcode scanner and raspberry pi to allow the user to scan items being thrown away. These items are automatically added to an online shopping list and inventory system that gives users the freedom to manually edit their list if desired or take a hands-off approach to shopping list management. The all-in-one aspect of this system makes it perfect for those who want extra shopping convenience in their life.

Unlike shopping list manager OutofMilk, our system’s IoT device provides the user with a more hands-off approach to creating and maintaining a shopping list with automatic updates when products are scanned. In contrast, Genican does utilize an IoT device, but our product is available online via computer or mobile devices while Genican uses a mobile app only, and our system is a budget-friendly option compared to the more expensive entry price of Genican.

## Team Members

- Chase Walker - [chasewalker26](https://github.com/chasewalker26)
- Anjali Ramsahai - [anjalir09](https://github.com/anjalir09)
- Christopher Gray - [AKpowder](https://github.com/AKpowder)
- Omer Gul - [omermelihgul](https://github.com/omermelihgul)
- Alisher Sultangazin - [sultalish](https://github.com/sultalish)


# Sprint 1

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=0)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)


## Task Allocation

All team members worked together in this sprint to create the user stories in the product backlog, and the requirements for the first 5 stories. All team members were also involved in the setup process for their development environments, and creating accounts to use the database.

# Sprint 2

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=185093314)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/blob/main/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/Website)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdqj_ON-W2c&feature=youtu.be)

## Task Allocation

- Chase Walker - User Interface diagrams, class diagram
- Anjali Ramsahai - Remaining system architecture document sections
- Christopher Gray - class diagram
- Omer Gul - Entity Relationship Diagram, system architecture document
- Alisher Sultangazin - C4 models (context, container, and component)

# Sprint 3
- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=1764933158)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/blob/main/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/)
- [Test Code (Site)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/Website/public/js)
- [Test Code (Scanner)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/RaspberryPi)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4xXM-D_5pY)
 


## Task Allocation
- Chase Walker - I completed the user story "As a shopper, I want the shopping list to contain all items that I have scanned that I have not removed from the list, so that I do not buy what I already have" U003

- Anjali Ramsahai - I completed the user story "As a user, I want the ability to view my inventory online, so that I can have access wherever I go" U017

- Christopher Gray - I completed the user story "As a user, I want the ability to view my shopping list online, so that I can have access wherever I go" U001.

- Omer Gul - I completed the user story "As a busy person, I want to be able to scan the items I throw away, so they can be added to my list" U002.

- Alisher Sultangazin - I completed the user story "As a user, I want my list and inventory to be private so that nobody else can view it" U004.

- Everyone worked on cleaning up sprint 2's errors.


# Sprint 4
- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Af6rjxIc/cop4331)
- [Burndown Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183Dg6Bm59MUCFB1R2GCbdrus6IbwDEImLzfAo2zPLKg/edit#gid=966599862)
- [Velocity Chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IDBxwgaPQL3OXrfwmEl2Y9RwI4CI29koruPL0Dz6inc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/blob/main/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/)
- [Test Code (Site)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/Website/public/js)
- [Test Code (Scanner)](https://github.com/chasewalker26/COP4331_Project/tree/main/project/RaspberryPi)
- [Product Demonstration]()
 

## Task Allocation
- Chase Walker - I completed the user story "As a shopper, I would like my inventory of items to hold all items that have been removed from my shopping list or manually added, so that I can choose to get something that I wish I had more of at the store" U006

- Omer Gul - I completed the user story "As a busy person, I want to see what I scanned on the website within a minute of scanning it, so that it can be there in a reasonable amount of time" U018.


# Sprint 5



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 6



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 7



## Task Allocation



# Sprint 8



## Task Allocation
